[Music]
as the flood reaches its height Pursuit
has doubled in size now covering 32,000
square kilometers it's one of the
world's biggest wetlands for a few
months this water world is left to
nature for some it's paradise fish can
now colonize areas that were recently
grassland for just a few weeks they can
take advantage of the huge new supplies
of food spot necked otters are very
social they live in close-knit family
groups often hunting together
intelligent and agile they hunt using
speed and cunning webbed feet to give
propulsion and a long tail helps them
steer well though they prefer fish these
otters will sometimes eat snails frogs
or even insects but there's one swamp
creature that really will eat anything
with a muscular body one-and-a-half
metres long and a powerful poisonous
bite the Nile monitor is understandably
avoided by all its neighbors relatively
clumsy on land under water
it's transformed into an agile hunter
but the huge lizard is just as happy
eating others rotting leftovers on the
bottom of the swamp in fact it will eat
and digest almost anything it can fit
into its mouth
the Nile monitor is one of the most
adaptable of all the suits animals in
this constantly changing water world
it's a winning strategy soon it's all
change again